the pressure is mounting for these go
shower shower tries to go hard on the
negatron cloak build immediately it's
fairly squishy grab number two bitches
in Phoenix Oh Phoenix right in the
middle of fighting with shifting sands
two kills to each side but that's three
down now overall for Team Liquid it
minutes ago split that's such a
fantastic ability but he's cornered he
does actually have his all backup it
doesn't take that long can he get the
kill here he's got Tama day he actually
pulls himself to safety this one the
shifting sands turns around and gets the
double kill with the assist from
dominate on that Oh
the next level is your bait
as you said Powder Keg this game both
teams with a lot of CC and ability to
pick people off whoa what do you say
pick people off oh he goes down that's
gonna be a back and forth though but
thank you very much kill assist going
over to cloud nine IPOs here this could
be the first attack on a Phoenix but
he's also running on plans so it might
be hard for them together yes
grab the Raptor buff goes this for the
gang but come on Awards so yep whoa
shifting sands into depth charge there's
a lot of long range spells here that's
going to be it they can't get past the
Emperor's divide and he chair that he
keeps it safe dominate gets it from the
other end what a beautiful absolute zero
high is going to be stuck in this one as
well everybody's getting chilled down to
the bone in this fight meteos back in
can he do enough is he put the
permafrost down woodland soldier hit Oh
especially the kills cost is picking us
no plans no cleanse indeed Emperor's
divide still goes out on the table no
way shifting sands he gets out though
ignite he's good to go Wow even with
time to play for a guardian right on the
dominate they burned the list oh yeah he
tried to get the triumphant brought out
but the follow-up is too much coming in
from liquid there's still going on the
fight now eliminations gonna go down
triple kill that's the blood boil is
here coming through baby and
of course quad says the blood boil a
Quadra for Phoenix just by the estimates
fell on right there
simmer not the best seekers thank
goodness they have it here look at hi he
is done for before the fight studios
goes for broke the rest of the team has
to follow for this to work but again and
burns to fight is keeping all of cloud
nine from getting to Team Liquid and
they once again surgically removed cloud
knife from the map and move into the
beige so who knocks them all the way
back in pathetic room but not a good
fight for hecarim callicles got a tropic
special stayed alive dominate buys some
time for the hook in coifs slew she
might have to be careful he's gonna pop
the Sonja's and they still picked up
achillea maple street almost goes down
to Phoenix
but the battle continues exposure 112
pounds stays alive Phoenix finds a
buncha cleanup Barbara is gonna get
dropped out a triple for Phoenix a
killer piglet support for two he carry
uptime freak this is the bonus the time
I said Penta Penta Penta but don't stir
Mikey that's why we rose to see lying
there to her even if I captain Tucker
we will otherwise